so it 's for me so I
they talk about me I want to toast so
that are for less as far as I am concerned
they want better to provide what they escape
so they make my skin
this for my account that others the
people make it up, I thank you
take into account but I do not live in my life
If yours is involved, you live in that
so much the secret when all the
world sets and time I know it does not support
my talent and I keep going in his mind
your suffering I'm still here I'm alone
street has taught me that there is no other
do not talk about track you do not have flow
with which she is the reason for your
inspiration dreams of being in my
small shoes but I'm staying high
brave they do not have how much if you see me
of brightness that's how I dull you this
Dad is no longer wrong everyone has
everything that touches him then because
you suffocate if in the middle of the
fight you from the opposing machine
so this family so to me
he wants to give me
with what is for me so I do not know
what are mine I do not play and I
I have my thing in the world that I am
You look like you're stuck
make it clear to you also that people
let's never look good is not so
happy so at least they have to
mention me to feel good if they
they want me I do not want that I care
let the whole world begin
while what without worry with that
come running for them I go first
24/7 my world I have what is pain
So deep do you like me, but that's the way
the man goes every time you love
up I lay you look that I always
Attacks look that always kills me but
I will continue looking for melodies that
let go I will not walk
so it's for me as far as I'm concerned
I will give with those who are for me
so he hears me if the light does not take you
of a match that I do not love
energy but already lunatic
dove
the damn voice
corrupt